Console logs: Added console log page (#1464)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/console-logs.md

        run.log({"epoch": i, "loss": 0.1 * i})
        print(f"epoch: {i} loss: {0.1 * i}")
```

The console logs will look similar to the following:

```text
1 epoch:  100 loss: 1.3191105127334595
2 epoch:  200 loss: 0.8664389848709106
3 epoch:  300 loss: 0.6157898902893066
4 epoch:  400 loss: 0.4961796700954437
5 epoch:  500 loss: 0.42592573165893555
6 epoch:  600 loss: 0.3771176040172577
7 epoch:  700 loss: 0.3393910825252533
8 epoch:  800 loss: 0.3082585036754608
9 epoch:  900 loss: 0.28154927492141724
```

## Filter console logs

### Time stamps

Toggle the time stamps in the console logs on or off. Within the console page select the **Timestamp visible** dropdown in the top left corner. You can choose to show or hide the time stamps.

### Search console logs

Use the search bar at the top of the console logs page to filter logs by keywords. You can search for specific terms, labels, or error messages.

### Custom labels

{{% alert color="secondary"  %}}
Parameters prefixed by `x_` (such as `x_label`) are in public preview. Create a [GitHub issue in the W&B repository](https://github.com/wandb/wandb) to provide feedback.
{{% /alert %}}

> 

Reviewer: I know these labels were kind of designed for "shared mode" or multi-node processes. Not sure if we want to call that out here. https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/track/log/distributed-training/#track-all-processes-to-a-single-run

```text
wandb: Starting Run: abc123
wandb: Run data is saved locally in ./wandb/run-20240125_120000-abc123
```

### Warning messages
Warnings about potential issues that don't stop execution are prefixed with `WARNING:`

```text
WARNING Found .wandb file, not streaming tensorboard metrics.
WARNING These runs were logged with a previous version of wandb.
```

### Error messages 
Error messages for serious issues are prefixed with `ERROR:`. These indicate problems that may prevent the run from completing successfully.

```text
ERROR Unable to save notebook session history.
ERROR Failed to save notebook.
```

## Console log settings

Within your code, you can configure how W&B handles console logs by passing the `wandb.Settings` object to `wandb.init()`. Within `wandb.Settings`, you can set the following parameters to control console log behavior:

- `show_errors`: If set to `True`, error messages are displayed in the W&B App. If set to `False`, error messages are not shown.
- `silent`: If set to `True`, all W&B console output will be suppressed. This is useful for production environments where you want to minimize console noise.

> - `show_warnings`: If set to `True`, warning messages are displayed in the W&B App. If set to `False`, warning messages are not shown.

Reviewer 2: we also have `show_info` setting which will silence `info` messages.

---
title: Console logs
url: guides/app/console-logs
---

> When you run an experiment, you may notice various messages printed to your console. W&B captures console logs and displays them in the W&B App. Use these messages to debug and monitor the behavior of your application.

Reviewer 3: QQ: Is "your application" the W&B app or a different app?

## View console logs

Access console logs for a run in the W&B App:

1. Navigate to your project in the W&B App.
2. Select a run within the **Runs** table.
3. Click the **Logs** tab in the project sidebar.

{{% alert %}}
Only 10,000 lines of your logs are shown due to storage limitations
{{% /alert %}}

<!-- ## Console log fields

Within the W&B App you can modify the fields shown in the console logs table.  -->

## Types of console logs

> There are several types of console logs that W&B captures: informational messages, warnings, and errors. Each type has a different prefix to help you identify its severity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
W&B captures several types of console logs: informational messages, warnings, and errors, with a prefix to indicate the log's severity.
```

### Informational messages
Informational messages provide updates about the run's progress and status. They are typically prefixed with `wandb:`.

```text
wandb: Starting Run: abc123
wandb: Run data is saved locally in ./wandb/run-20240125_120000-abc123
```

### Warning messages

> Warnings about potential issues that don't stop execution are prefixed with `WARNING:`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Warnings about potential issues that don't stop execution are prefixed with `WARNING`
```

```text
WARNING Found .wandb file, not streaming tensorboard metrics.
WARNING These runs were logged with a previous version of wandb.
```

### Error messages 

> Error messages for serious issues are prefixed with `ERROR:`. These indicate problems that may prevent the run from completing successfully.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Error messages for serious issues are prefixed with `ERROR`. These indicate problems that may prevent the run from completing successfully.
```

```text
ERROR Unable to save notebook session history.
ERROR Failed to save notebook.
```

## Console log settings

> Within your code, you can configure how W&B handles console logs by passing the `wandb.Settings` object to `wandb.init()`. Within `wandb.Settings`, you can set the following parameters to control console log behavior:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Within your code, pass the `wandb.Settings` object to `wandb.init()` to configure how W&B handles console logs. Within `wandb.Settings`, you can set the following parameters to control console log behavior:
```

- `show_errors`: If set to `True`, error messages are displayed in the W&B App. If set to `False`, error messages are not shown.
- `silent`: If set to `True`, all W&B console output will be suppressed. This is useful for production environments where you want to minimize console noise.
- `show_warnings`: If set to `True`, warning messages are displayed in the W&B App. If set to `False`, warning messages are not shown.
- `show_info`: If set to `True`, informational messages are displayed in the W&B App. If set to `False`, informational messages are not shown.

The following example shows how to configure these settings:

```python
import wandb

settings = wandb.Settings(
    show_errors=True,  # Show error messages in the W&B App
    silent=False,      # Disable all W&B console output
    show_warnings=True # Show warning messages in the W&B App
)

with wandb.init(settings=settings) as run:
    # Your training code here
    run.log({"accuracy": 0.95})
```

## Custom logging

> W&B captures console logs from your application, but it does not interfere with your own logging setup. You can continue to use Python's built-in `print()` function or the `logging` module to log messages as usual.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
W&B captures console logs from your application, but it does not interfere with your own logging setup. You can use Python's built-in `print()` function or the `logging` module to log messages.
```

```python
import wandb

with wandb.init(project="my-project") as run:
    for i in range(100, 1000, 100):
        # This will log to W&B and print to console
        run.log({"epoch": i, "loss": 0.1 * i})
        print(f"epoch: {i} loss: {0.1 * i}")
```

The console logs will look similar to the following:

> ```text

Reviewer 3: Maybe this should be `none` or something. I can't imagine the reader will want to copy or paste the block.

1 epoch:  100 loss: 1.3191105127334595
2 epoch:  200 loss: 0.8664389848709106
3 epoch:  300 loss: 0.6157898902893066
4 epoch:  400 loss: 0.4961796700954437
5 epoch:  500 loss: 0.42592573165893555
6 epoch:  600 loss: 0.3771176040172577
7 epoch:  700 loss: 0.3393910825252533
8 epoch:  800 loss: 0.3082585036754608
9 epoch:  900 loss: 0.28154927492141724
```

## Filter console logs

### Time stamps

> Toggle the time stamps in the console logs on or off. Within the console page select the **Timestamp visible** dropdown in the top left corner. You can choose to show or hide the time stamps.

Reviewer 3: Nit: This is not really filtering.

### Search console logs

Use the search bar at the top of the console logs page to filter logs by keywords. You can search for specific terms, labels, or error messages.

### Custom labels

{{% alert color="secondary"  %}}

> Parameters prefixed by `x_` (such as `x_label`) are in public preview. Create a [GitHub issue in the W&B repository](https://github.com/wandb/wandb) to provide feedback.

Reviewer 3: Is this really the best way to solicit feedback?
